# Week of 04/05/2020 - 04/11/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/04/08/16:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/04/08/17:20

## Location

voice call

## Present

Matt, Kylie, Ian

## Minute Recorder

Ian

## Topics Discussed

Fixing the pie chart on the analitics page. 

Example: 10 people signed up for a class. 9 people attended. 1 of the people attended was a walk-in. This should be the result

- Attended as walk-in: 10%

- Not Attended: 10%

- Attended: 80%

## Things Clarified

How to implement a not-flat file structure.

Is this a good thing to do? and then what is a good way to do it?

- What is the Event Manager? Using one object to contain allEvents() and store it as a class variable. Any page that wants to access any event will access the one enstantiation of the class on the php server. If you want to find an event by date, name or event id there is a function for that. If you want to sort the events, there is a function that sorts and returns an ordered list. Is this correct?

- How to use on instantiation of a class across multiple web pages. Transfering classes between pages? Serialize and Deserialize. example usage: using EventManager on manager page and event page.

- Email button: set defaults for startDate, endDate. Any event in that date range will have an email sent to the user. Does the form need to include an editable message? If so, the message will have a prefilled textbox with a default message.

- clarification on EventManager and AttendeeManager. Should we have object orientation (not just static functions in a class). If so, what aspects are required?

- Update on Maintenance of the project? Are we (Team KIM) or you going to maintain it?
