# Client Meeting on 2020/02/24

## Meeting Start Time

2020/02/24/16:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/02/24/17:05

## Location

Connection Innovator

## Present

Matt, Kylie, Ian, Ted

## Minute Recorder

Ian

## Topics Discussed

the "Ted checkup"

How was Ted when he was sick? He had the flu and slept from early afternoon to noon the next day; ate soup, and slept for the rest of the day.

demonstration

Demegraphics - check if it a boy or girls

consent form- by signing in they give concent. 

yes, have delete option. the delete process is always manual, never delete without user input.

have a list of individual attendee information. answer the following questions:

  how many events has the attendee gone to?
  
Maintainance plan

   TED: dID SOMeonE SAy FoOd? did you know that I'm a chili champion?. ya know they have two sections: traditional and non-traditional and I have always done tradiitional which means that you need chicken. but I did something special for mine! I put pineapple in my soup. I put it in late in cooking proccess so that the flavor wouldn't completely go away. that way you have the nice sweet tase when you taste it at first but then there is that spicy after...
   
   (oh, you though that he was done?) Ya know that during the competition there are like 50 chilies that the judges are taste testing and you need yours to stand out from the rest. a judge won't remember somthing that is the same as everything else. That's why I added the pinapple. I think that...
   
   Kylie says something about bringing it in (jokeingly)
   
   Ted: Oh I don't know if I could do that but I'd defidently be willing to take you out to eat somewhere for our next meeting. It's on me.
   

## Things Clarified

Waiting for a response for the consent form
